Update ns-action-link.mdx (#653)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/ns-action-link.mdx

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Standard">

>   The illustration is positioned to the right of the label at smaller viewports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The decoration is positioned to the right of the label at smaller viewports.
```

>   The icon and label are horizontally aligned at smaller viewports, which takes up less vertical space compared to the stacked type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The illustration is positioned to the right of the label at smaller viewports.
```

    <ExampleViewer type="standard" />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Stacked">

>   The illustration is always positioned above the label.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The decoration is always positioned above the label.  
```

>   The icon and label are always arranged in a stacked manner, aligned vertically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The illustration is always positioned on top of the label.
```
